[Music]
13 tips you should know to survive wild
animal attacks.
Many wild animals can be dangerous or
even fatal for a person. If you look at
the statistics, you might feel
terrified. Sharks cause just six deaths
a year. Their infamous reputation is
very exaggerated. Wolves are responsible
for 10 deaths annually. Lions kill 22
people a year. Now get ready. Elephants,
cute, lovely giants are the reason that
more than 500 people lose their lives
every year. Hippopotamuses equal them in
this scary competition. Crocodiles turn
out to be much more dangerous than
sharks, about 1,000 deaths a year. But
the champion here is the snake. 100,000
people meet their end at the teeth of
this reptile. To prepare you for any
situation you can find yourself in,
we've gathered 13 ways that will save
your life if you have such an unpleasant
encounter. Watch the video, make notes,
and remember to give us thumbs up for
worrying about your well-being.
Number 13, sharks.
The good news is that out of 150 species
of sharks existing on Earth, only 20
attack humans. Most of them just don't
perceive you as food. So, if not
something tasty, what good are you? Now,
down to the bad news. If a shark gets
interested in you, it will be tough to
break away.
To not attract sharks, prevent blood or
urine from getting into the water.
Sharks can smell these at a distance of
several miles. If you do meet face to
face, don't turn your back on this
predator. Especially, don't try to
escape in a panic. You will look like
prey this way. Move slowly. If you have
been caught, aim at the eyes and gills.
These zones are the most sensitive.
Number 12, kangaroos.
Yes, surprisingly, a kangaroo can pose a
threat to a person. However, it will
only happen if you enter its territory
and the animal feels danger. To avoid a
conflict, do the following. Cough. Your
coughs should be short and quiet. The
kangaroo will consider it a sign of a
disease and most likely won't attack
you. Slowly back away. This way, you
will look smaller, therefore less
dangerous. Don't turn away and run. It
will only provoke the animal. Remember
that kangaroos are perfect jumpers. It
will catch up with you in a few moments.
Number 11, lions.
If you have encountered a lion, maintain
eye contact. Don't turn your back and
don't move your eyes away. It will give
the predator the time to attack. Try to
look more massive. To create such an
impression, lift your arms and jack it
up. If you look big and threatening, the
animal will try to avoid the encounter.
Speak to the lion in a reasonably loud
and confident voice. Make sounds and
justiculate. Such a behavior isn't
typical for a victim. This way, you will
baffle the predator, so it will perceive
you as an irritating presence, which is
better to stay away from.
Number 10, elephants.
Elephants are clever and quite friendly
animals, but they are known to attack
people. It is especially true about
female elephant mothers if they decide
that you are dangerous for their babies.
If you come across an elephant, pay
attention to their body language. If
their trunk is curled and the ears are
pulled back, it means they are going to
crush you. If the animal approaches,
don't run. Try to find something to
become a barrier between you and the
elephant. It can be a stone or a tree.
Number nine, rhinoceroses.
Rhinoceroses have bad eyesight. That's
why it is easy to frighten them and
provoke them to attack. These animals
speeds can reach 37 mph. This is the
reason it is really hard to outrun them.
Hard, but not impossible. The only way
to escape from the rhinoceros is to hide
behind a tree. It is a substantial
obstacle for the animal. Also, it won't
follow you through the bushes or high
grass.
Number eight, hippopotamuses.
These animals seem cute, but this image
is very misleading. They can be
extremely dangerous. Despite their
weight, hippopotamuses can run at a
speed of 18.5 mph. They don't have a
perfect character as well. Angering them
is easy peasy. If the weather is hot,
try not to enter the bushes. The level
of water lowers during the drought, so
the hippos hide in the high grass.
To make the animals leave you alone,
climb a tree, rock, or a steep hill.
Wait there until it goes away.
[Music]
Number seven, bulls.
Despite the widespread opinion, bulls
react to the movement, not to the red or
any other color. That's why if a bull is
running at you, stay straight and still.
Use your hat, t-shirt, or other clothes
you have at hand as bait. When the
animal runs up close enough, throw the
thing as far away from you as possible.
The bull will change direction and
follow this object.
Number six, jellyfish.
A jellyfish burn brings a longlasting
nagging ache. Some people believe that
peeing on a damaged surface can relieve
the pain, but it is just an urban
legend. Immediately after being burnt,
wash this place with salt water. Pure
water will only worsen the situation.
After that, using a pair of tweezers or
a stick, move the remaining parts of the
jellyfish away. If you have
antihistamine ointment, apply it to the
place of the burn.
Number five, alligators or crocodiles.
The jaws of these animals are the
strongest on the planet. In this case,
breaking free won't be a piece of cake.
If you've been grabbed, hit the eyes.
The eyes in the throat of these animals
are their most sensitive areas. To make
the animal let you go, aim at them. If
you notice that the predator is crawling
toward you on the ground, make as much
noise as possible. Run in a zigzag. This
is exactly the situation when to run and
shout is the best solution. If you see a
crocodile while swimming, don't create
splashes. Don't shout. It will draw the
unwanted attention. Try to be as quiet
as you can and swim away.
Number four, snakes.
Most snakes are neither dangerous nor
poisonous. People get 80% of their bites
trying to catch this reptile. If you
notice that a snake is following you,
stomp your feet. The vibrations will
confuse the snake and it will let you
be. If you have been bitten, don't try
to suck the poison out from the wound as
they do in the movies. Better to wash
the bite with running water, apply a
tourniquet, and call an emergency.
Number three, bears.
Bears attack people quite rarely, but if
you get in the wrong place at the wrong
time, it might still happen. It is
necessary to know several behavioral
rules. Don't run. If you run, you will
look like prey. A wild animal will
follow you, at least out of instinct.
And if you think that you can outrun a
bear, forget it. They can develop a
speed of 30 mph.
Fall to the ground and curl into a ball.
Use your hands to cover your neck.
Pretend to be dead. This way, you won't
be considered as a threat any longer.
The bear might toss you around for a
bit. Don't panic. Play dead a bit
longer, even if it leaves you alone,
because these smart animals often stay
around and watch their prey.
Number two, gorillas.
Gorillas are called the kings of the
jungle, not without reason. They are
leaders who protect their family and
land. They don't attack you if you
behave obediently.
Sit down to seem less large and not to
tower over the gorilla. Try to whisper
and avoid direct eye contact. In case of
an attack or approach, curl into a ball.
Gorillas are proud animals. As a rule,
they won't attack the weak and
defenseless.
Number one, bees.
Bees will protect their hive. They can
bite even if you are just walking by.
Dark colors attract bees attention.
That's why if you're dressed in a black
t-shirt, your chances of being stung by
these insects are much higher. If a hive
of bees or just several of them are
following you, hide in a dark place. The
lack of proper lighting will throw the
insects off your track.
We hope you will never have to escape
from our rhinoceros. swim away from a
crocodile or meet a hungry lion.
However, now you will be able to protect
yourself in the wilderness. Share this
video with your friends. Make sure they
stay safe and we will appreciate your
likes. The more of them we get, the more
people will be able to see this video
and perhaps it will save somebody's
life.
[Music]